Make set_recently_viewed more robust. (#2594)
SFDO-Tooling/CumulusCI: HISTORY.rst

History
=======

> 3.34.1 (2021-04-29)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.34.1 (2021-04-30)
```

-------------------

Issues Closed

> Some SObjects could not be loaded without explicitly turning off the new
> ``set_recently_viewed`` behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression in the ``load_dataset`` task where some sObjects could not be loaded without explicitly turning off the new ``set_recently_viewed`` option.
```
